---
layout: post
title: T.R. Harrington of Darwin Marketing
logo: darwin-marketing-logo.png
description: and get his unique perspectives on how things have developed over the past ten years, and more importantly, where they might be headed. Lots of fascinating takes on the emerging Shanghai startup scene, the (near) future of Chinese tech companies, his perspective on how foreign tech giants should approach China after some notable failures, and some great advice for 
guestURL: www.darwinmkareting.com
episode: 20
date: 20/1/2016
time: 1h 56min
---

Welcome back everyone and Happy New Year!  We are back in action, and have got a great show for you. In this episode I sit down with another vetern of the China tech scene, Mr. T.R. Harrington. T.R. is the founder and CEO of Darwin Marketing, a company which describes itself as ‘a data company that does marketing’. T.R. is also an Angel Investor, Start-up advisor and mentor at China’s top accelerator program, Chinaccelerator. I’ll warn you in advance, this was a long one. With someone as seasoned as T.R. it’s tough not to ask him a million questions, and get his unique perspectives on how things have developed over the past ten years, and more importantly, where they might be headed. Lots of fascinating takes on the emerging Shanghai startup scene, the (near) future of Chinese tech companies, his perspective on how foreign tech giants should approach China after some notable failures, and some great advice for young entrepreneurs. T.R. threw himself into the fire by coming to China with no plan, no friends and no mandarin skills, and has emerged a success who has built a business around doing what he loves. Entrepreneurs out there, take note.

Editors note: The audio had to be edited due to some sound anomalies during recording, and as a result the audio is a little less clear than usual (though still quite fine in our opinion). Apologies for any inconvenience caused by this and thanks for your understanding!
